docs(gui): update docs for Kong Manager (#7976)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_src/gateway/kong-manager/enable.md

or hybrid mode), you can enable {{site.base_gateway}}'s graphical user interface
(GUI), Kong Manager.

> {:.note}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{% if_version gte:3.9.x %}

{:.note}
```

> > **Note**: To configure Kong Manager to be accessible from multiple domains, you can list the domains as comma-separated values and assign them to the `admin_gui_url` parameter in your Kong configuration. Here's an example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note**: To configure Kong Manager to be accessible from multiple domains, you can list the domains as comma-separated values in the `admin_gui_url` parameter in your Kong configuration. For example:
```

  ```
  admin_gui_url = http://localhost:8002, http://127.0.0.1:8002
  ```

> > If set the `admin_gui_path` in your Kong configuration as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If set, update the `admin_gui_path` in your Kong configuration as well:
```

> > If you are set the `admin_gui_path` in your Kong configuration as well.

Reviewer: "If you are" what? Looks like this is missing a couple of words.

  ```
  admin_gui_url = http://localhost:8002/manager, http://127.0.0.1:8002/manager
  admin_gui_path = /manager
  ```
> Make sure that each domain has proper DNS records and that the Kong instance is accessible from all specified domains.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{% endif_version %}
```
